[Workflow] Introduce human interaction workflow pattern (#3446)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/workflow/workflow-patterns.md

This pattern can also be expressed using actors and reminders. The difference is that this workflow is expressed as a single function with inputs and state stored in local variables. Workflows can also execute a sequence of actions with stronger reliability guarantees, if necessary.
{{% /alert %}}

> ## Human interaction

Reviewer: I feel that we should treat the Human interaction as a typical example of this pattern, but describe how this is more generalized as you have a described at the end of this section.  This

"External events don't have to be directly triggered by humans. They can also be triggered by other systems. For example, a workflow may need to pause and wait for a payment to be received. In this case, a payment system might publish an event to a pub/sub topic on receipt of a payment, and a listener on that topic can raise an event to the workflow using the raise event workflow API."
```suggestion
## External system interaction
```

> In some cases, a workflow may need to pause and wait for a human to perform some action. For example, a workflow may need to pause and wait for a human to approve a purchase order. Dapr Workflow supports this pattern natively via the [external events]({{< ref "workflow-features-concepts.md#external-events" >}}) feature. Here's an example flow:

Reviewer: I would move the pub/sub paragraph at the to be at the start with some slight rewording. Pub/sub events from other system, triggering workflows is going to be very common IMO

```suggestion
In some cases, a workflow may need to pause and wait for an external systems to perform some action. External events can be triggered by humans or by other systems.  For example, a workflow may need to pause and wait for a payment to be received. In this case, a payment system might publish an event to a pub/sub topic on receipt of a payment, and a listener on that topic can raise an event to the workflow using the raise event workflow API."

Another very common scenario is when a workflow needs to pause and wait for a human, for example when approving a purchase order. Dapr Workflow supports this event pattern via the [external events]({{< ref "workflow-features-concepts.md#external-events" >}}) feature. 

Here's an example workflow for a purchase order involving a human:
```

> 1. A workflow is triggered (e.g. a purchase order is received)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A workflow is triggered, when a purchase order is received.
```

> 1. A rule in the workflow determines that a human needs to perform some action (e.g. the purchase order cost exceeds a certain threshold)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A rule in the workflow determines that a human needs to perform some action. For example the purchase order cost exceeds a certain approval threshold.
```

> 1. The workflow sends a notification requesting human action (e.g. sends an email to the approver with an approval link)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The workflow sends a notification requesting a human action, for example sends an email to the approver with an approval link.
```

> 1. The workflow pauses and waits for the human to perform the action (e.g. approval or rejection of the order)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The workflow pauses and waits for the human to perform an action either to approve or reject the order.
```

> 1. If the approval isn't received within the specified time, the workflow resumes and performs some compensation logic (e.g. cancels the order)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If the approval isn't received within the specified time, the workflow resumes and performs some compensation logic, for example cancelling the order.
```

The following diagram illustrates this flow.

> <img src="/images/workflow-overview/workflow-human-interaction-pattern.png" width=600 alt="Diagram showing how the human interaction pattern works"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src="/images/workflow-overview/workflow-human-interaction-pattern.png" width=600 alt="Diagram showing how the external system interaction pattern works with a human involved"/>
```

The following example code shows how this pattern can be implemented using Dapr Workflow.

{{< tabs ".NET" >}}

{{% codetab %}}

```csharp
public override async Task<OrderResult> RunAsync(WorkflowContext context, OrderPayload order)
{
    // ...(other steps)...

    // Require orders over a certain threshold to be approved

>     if (order.TotalCost > 10000)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    if (order.TotalCost > OrderApprovalThreshold)
```

    {
        try
        {

>             // Request manager approval for this order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // Request human approval for this order
```

            await context.CallActivityAsync(nameof(RequestApprovalActivity), order);

>             // Pause and wait for a manager to approve the order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // Pause and wait for a human to approve the order
```

            ApprovalResult approvalResult = await context.WaitForExternalEventAsync<ApprovalResult>(
                eventName: "ManagerApproval",
                timeout: TimeSpan.FromDays(3));
            if (approvalResult == ApprovalResult.Rejected)
            {
                // The order was rejected, end the workflow here
                return new OrderResult(Processed: false);
            }
        }
        catch (TaskCanceledException)
        {
            // An approval timeout results in automatic order cancellation
            return new OrderResult(Processed: false);
        }
    }

    // ...(other steps)...

    // End the workflow with a success result
    return new OrderResult(Processed: true);
}
```

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
In the example above, `RequestApprovalActivity` is the name of a workflow activity to invoke and `ApprovalResult` is an enumeration defined by the workflow app. For brevity, these definitions were left out of the example code.
{{% /alert %}}

{{% /codetab %}}

{{< /tabs >}}

> The code that delivers the event is external to the workflow. Workflow events can be delivered to a waiting workflow instance using the [raise event]({{< ref "howto-manage-workflow.md#raise-an-event" >}}) workflow management API, as shown in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code that delivers the event to resume the workflow execution is external to the workflow. Workflow events can be delivered to a waiting workflow instance using the [raise event]({{< ref "howto-manage-workflow.md#raise-an-event" >}}) workflow management API, as shown in the following example:
```

{{< tabs ".NET" >}}

{{% codetab %}}

```csharp

> // Raise the workflow event to the workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Raise the workflow event to the workflow that is waiting
```
